Update the FAQ page (#172)
haskell-org/summer-of-haskell: content/faq.md

open-source movement after finishing their projects to continue contributing.

---

### What is the timeline for the Summer of Haskell program?
The full timeline for the 2023 edition can be found on the [homepage](/#projected-timeline).

Estimates for medium-size projects: 175 hours to complete; large projects: 350
hours to complete. The program (work schedule) can be modified individually in
case a student's school ends late/starts early and collides with the Summer of
Haskell timeline.

---

### What are the eligibility requirements for participation?

 -  You must be eligible to work in the country you will reside in during the
    program, and the United States cannot embargo the country you reside in.
 -  You must be at least 18 years old before the program's inauguration.
 -  Summer of Haskell cannot accept participants (contributors or mentors) from
    Russia, Belarus, or the so-called Donetsk People's Republic ("DNR") and
    Luhansk People's Republic ("LNR"), but there are no restrictions on
    participants in Ukraine but outside of the DNR and LNR.

---

### How does the program work?
Newcomers are mentored by experienced contributors, and learn how to work with

> open-source and improve their ability to write Haskell code. No previous open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
open source software development and improve their ability to write Haskell code. No previous open
```

> source experience is needed to attend the program as a would-to-be contributor,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source experience is needed to participate in the program as a contributor,
```

however you need to have some knowledge of writing Haskell code. The program is
addressed to everyone; there's no need to be a student. All the contributors

> are paid for their work; even if the work is unfinished or the produced code

Reviewer: I think that we actually aren't "paying for work" per se - I believe it's legally important that this be a stipend, not a payment for work. Perhaps check how Google structures theirs, and also check in with Ryan?

won't be used in the future, you will get a stipend. The program is run
entirely online.

---

### Is it possible to be a contributor and mentor at the same time?
No, by definition, contributors are not experienced with open source while all
the mentors are experienced contributors and maintainers.

---

### Why are you running this program?
The Haskell ecosystem relies on volunteer work. The majority of tools and
libraries are open source and we want to be aware and educate developers on the

> importance of OSS. Having active contributors and devoted maintainers is

Reviewer: Do our audience know the abbreviation "OSS"?

crucial for our ecosystem to function smoothly.

---

### Are mentoring organizations required to use the code produced by students?
No. While we hope that all the code that comes out of this program will find a
happy home, we don't require organizations to use the contributor's code.

---

### Can I take part in the project as a group of contributors?
No, we accept only individuals as contributors.

---

### Can I submit more than one proposal?

> We accept two proposals from each candidate maximum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We accept at most two proposals from each candidate.
```
